good morning everybody update I don't
think you guys seen my my new beard it's
gonna be here at least till we get to
Alaska and then I might do the stache
again see no no we're just eating some
breakfast here uh real quick we are
going to be doing a live video tomorrow
what time g8 p.m. pacific time 5 p.m.
pacific time yes how it works we're
doing a live video at five p.m. pacific
time be a half an hour to an hour
question and answer and if you have any
questions let us know we'll answer as
many as possible we haven't been able to
get online and do any responding to the
questions on there so this is a way for
us to do it we've been super super busy
i've definitely realized I've stretched
myself thin in between the book the
business the website in the YouTube but
I learned from it and also free sales
for the book the book that uh that might
help me with that G help me with mike
from living free and g from chris
travels over there eatin hey you know me
I'm front of you that you're just nice
trip I do have some oatmeal and uh well
the book yes the book that that I have
been working on for a long time now it's
finally ninety-five percent now I'm
going to finish some authors notes and
some pictures in there I'm doing pre
sales right now every sense every dollar
that we get from that book is going to
help us buy gas for the out camp so if
you are interested in learning where my
mentality my philosophy my first trip in
a van came from how I just dove into it
and learned as I went I didn't know
about walmart or any of that stuff this
is about seven little over seven years
ago now that I drove around a month my
husky that book is done
and kind of talks about you know my my
history and my past and all that good
stuff so that book is on presale right
now we are just doing paypal for those
orders but in the future you could be
able to order with Visa Mastercard
Discover and American Express I have
that set up and good to go just but it's
easy to get paypal if you don't have it
yes it's really easy it's incredibly
easy so everyone get paypal and get the
book and yeah is is is a great project
it was cool going back in his very
interesting for me excited for a while
my grandma had a coffee the only copy I
found like I said it out to a bunch of
friends I've never seen any of them
since my grandma Ida copy it's the exact
same thing I wrote just fixing the
grammatical errors and then I add little
notes after i finished chapters and
stuff certain chapters i had little
notes kind of talking about what was
going on there and how my philosophies
changed or having residents that stayed
the same my paypal email is PE and in
429 CJ @ hotmail.com and send we're
doing suggested retail for five dollars
but you can put whatever you want if you
think it's you just want to throw a
dollar to it two dollars like i said
every cent that goes there is for gas to
canada so tomorrow by p.m. pacific time
G&I are going to be online for an hour
or maybe 30 minutes we're busy bees
right now yeah we got things but you
know you know what happens we get on
live chat that's when i say half an hour
searching for an hour and on an hour
that turns into two hours good call all
right everybody I've been rambling for
four minutes now catch you later goodbye
to Bunji RT ate my entire phone what's
your sign out babe not now eat your way
through life I why are you doing this to
me